Yeah, who?
How are you
Lord God
I have come to serve you
Pardon me?
I'm here.
If you don't want to
I can leave anytime
How dare I
You are a real fiancee
There is no need for Miss Bai to serve
I gave you this room
What if you were in the wrong room?
What's wrong with you
I might
Don't drug before you come
If you drug it, then I will
Well, forget it, forget it.
Don't draw
I'll take you to the bathroom
Great
I don't want to waste the kind of medicine I specially found
Now it came naturally
Our Qianzi
It also preserved the position of the Lady of the Lord God
Baijiang
It's also a step up, haha.
What are you doing?
Oh, dear.
Shhh!
You two keep your voice down
Our family signs to serve the Lord God inside
Leave them alone.
What!
Go away